---
title: 'Hiring Post 1'
date: 2025-05-10
permalink: /posts/2025/05/hiring-1/
tags:
  - hiring
---


Open Positions
======

Several positions are open to work with me at universities in Hong Kong or Singapore.  Please get in touch with me for detailed working arrangements.

Research Assistants and Interns
------
I have a few openings for research assistants (6 months to 1 year) and summer interns.  Some possible research topics include:

- Database Theory and Query Optimization
- Dynamic Query Evaluation
- Privacy and Security in Query Processing
- AI and LLM for Query Optimization
- any other topics of mutual interest

Applicants should have a good bachelor's degree, or be final-year students in computer science, or a closely related field (e.g., mathematics, engineering, etc.) when the contract starts, and they are willing to pursue a PhD degree in the given research topics.  

Priority will be given if the applicant has:
1. Prior experience in programming contests (ACM ICPC, IOI, NOI, etc.).  
2. Relevant research experiences, including system implementation and paper publication (SIGMOD/VLDB/PODS, etc.).  
3. Excellent grade in data structure, advanced algorithms, database, database implementations, compiler, and Theory of Computation.  

Please email me with 
- a copy of **your CV**
- a **few sentences motivating your interest**
- your award record/OJ record
- GitHub repo or published paper for your prior research experience
- your transcript

Top performers will be recommended to PhD programs in top universities in Hong Kong or Singapore with full scholarship/financial support.

Postdocs
------
I also have a few openings for postdoctoral positions.  Applicants should have a PhD in computer science and a strong track record of work in an area related to my research.  Please email me with
- a copy of **your CV**
- a **few sentences motivating your interest and possible future work that aligns with our mutual interest**
- Most represented 1 or 2 publications.

Successful candidates will be offered a globally competitive salary and benefits package, as well as travel funding for publications.  Candidates will also get full support for applying to Overseas High-Level Talent Programs, including a maximum of three years of contract and grant writing support.
