---
title: 'Hiring Post 2'
date: 2026-06-01
permalink: /posts/2026/06/hiring-2/
tags:
  - hiring
---


Open Positions
======

Several positions are open to work with me at universities in Hong Kong or Singapore.  Please get in touch with me for detailed working arrangements.

Research Assistants and Interns
------
I have a few openings for research assistants (3-9 months), and summer interns are now open.  Some possible research topics include:

- Database Theory and Query Optimization
- Dynamic Query Evaluation
- Privacy and Security in Query Processing
- AI and LLM for Query Optimization
- Data Agent and Database Theory
- GPU Computation and Distributed Computation
- any other topics of mutual interest

Applicants should have a strong bachelor's degree or be final-year students in computer science or a closely related field (e.g., mathematics or engineering), and be willing to pursue a PhD in the given research topics.  

Priority will be given if the applicant has:
1. Prior experience in programming contests (ACM ICPC, IOI, NOI, etc.).  
2. Relevant research experiences, including system implementation and paper publication (SIGMOD/VLDB/PODS, etc.).  
3. Excellent grade in data structure, advanced algorithms, database, database implementations, compiler, and Theory of Computation.  

Please email me with 
- a copy of **your CV**
- a **few sentences motivating your interest**
- your award record/OJ record
- GitHub repo or published paper for your prior research experience
- your transcript

Top performers will be recommended to PhD programs at top universities in Hong Kong or Singapore, with full scholarships or financial support.

The application deadline is July 1, 2026.

PhDs
------
I also plan to hire 1 to 2 PhD students for the 27 Spring or Fall intake, with full scholarship or financial support.  

Due to the high application volume and competition for the scholarship, tentative candidates should contact us immediately.  Applications after Nov. 1, 2026, will have lower priority.

Visiting Students
------
I also have 2 vacancies for hosting visiting students.  Visiting students should normally be supported by external funding, such as CSC or a university visiting fellowship.  
